add codebyte examples for the Date.getMinutes(), Date.getMonth(), and… (#2322)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/getMinutes/getMinutes.md

// Output: Hurry up, it has been 15 minutes!
```

## Codebyte Example

> The example below defines a new `Date` object `dateTimeNow`, uses the `getMinutes()` method to extract and store the minutes in a new variable `minutes`, and then logs the current date\time, minutes, and the minutes remaining in the hour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below defines a new `Date` object `dateTimeNow`, and stores the result of the `getMinutes()` method in a new variable `minutes`. Finally, the current date\time, minutes, and the minutes remaining in the hour are all logged to the console.
```

Reviewer: The descriptions for the code examples should be very concise. And explaining all the steps in one sentence can make the sentence too long and difficult to comprehend.
